[Guide updates] Setup experience is cross-platform (#35221)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/deploying-crowdstrike-with-fleet.md

### Install notes

> - Fleet recommends using the End User Setup Experience to install CrowdStrike on hosts when they are initially enrolled and provisioned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The best practice is to install CrowdStrike when hosts first enroll to Fleet. Learn how:
```
